Added note about README.md presence during generating guide to the docs (#238)
yiisoft/yii2-apidoc: README.md

    vendor/bin/apidoc guide source/docs ./output

> Note that in order to generate proper index file, the `README.md` file containing links to guide sections must be 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that in order to generate a proper index file, the `README.md` file containing links to guide sections must be 
```

present. An example of such file can be found 

> [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yiisoft/yii2/master/docs/guide/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the [yii2 repository](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yiisoft/yii2/master/docs/guide/README.md).
```
